**Eclipse v2.2 is here!**

While our team is working on Eclipse v3, we'd figure we'd
release an update to help get things ready and to fix some annoying bugs.

---

**New Features:**

- Allow importing and exporting of battery saves (`.sav`) and Delta saves.
- Allows for the save management of uploaded games (Settings -> Storage -> Uploaded Game Saves)

**Bug Fixes:**

- Fixed a bug that prevented `.eclipse` backups from exporting properly on iOS.
- Fixed a bug where some icons were absent.
- Fixed a bug where auto-save preferences get reset when loading the Settings page.
- Automatically attempt to re-log into Google Drive, if logged out.
- Fixed a bug that prevented Sega Master System/Game Gear games from starting.
- OpenSkin skins now properly style table cells on desktop.
- Audio now plays in Safari.

**User Experience:**

- The control design has been slightly tweaked.
- Eclipse now saves games on quit.
- More frequent auto-save options are now present.
- The new default auto-save frequency for new users is now 30s.
- Remove the ability to download Google Drive games from the UI. It was never supposed to be possible, but now the UI compliments this.
- Prevent new users from using Eclipse on non-secure connections. We'll automatically redirect these users to HTTPS.
- Made the not-secure Google Drive warning more descriptive for existing users.
- Minor text fixes.

We're also hard at work with Eclipse v3, and want to lay some groundwork
for what's to come. One of these is *the removal of repos*. Yes, you heard us,
but let us explain.

There's a lot of legitimate homebrew repos out there; Eclipse features them.
However, there exists quite a bit of piracy repos, too. While before we would
block known pirate repos, that's a whack-a-mole game we don't want
to play. Instead, in the future, homebrew games will have their own section
dedicated to them to replace repos.

This version does not totally remove repos (if you *really* want, you can still
add them with the Eclipse GET API or JavaScript), but removes the ability to add
new custom repos to help ease the shock of their complete removal in v3. Trust us
on this; it's for the best and helps ensure Eclipse's longevity.

**Regarding v3**

As for what's coming in Eclipse v3, we have a lot of exciting news. We're
working on porting desktop-grade cores to the Web and redesigning our front-end
from scratch to be more performant than Framework7. However, such a task isn't easy,
so keep an eye out for our developments on our Twitter, subreddit, and Discord server.

We're aiming for a release by the end of 2020.

---

*Did you know?* If you're into jailbreaking iOS, you may be interested in
[Parcility](https://parcility.co), an online repo browser for jailbreak
repos coming soon from the team that brought you Eclipse.